MTV
(MAN BREATHING DEEPLY)
(CONTINUES BREATHING DEEPLY)
(INSECT BUZZING)
HOSTAGE: I need to go to the bathroom.
(HOSTAGE-TAKER SPEAKS SPANISH)
(HOSTAGE SIGHS)
HOSTAGE IN SPANISH:
Tengo que ir al baño.
(CHUCKLES)
(HOSTAGE-TAKER SPEAKING SPANISH)
(SIGHS. SPEAKS ENGLISH)
Listen. I got to piss. okay?
You want me to piss my fucking pants?
I'm about to piss
my fucking pants. all right?
(GROANS)
(COYOTES YIPPING DISTANTLY)
(COYOTES CONTINUE YIPPING)
(DOOR CLATTERS OPEN)
(SIGHS HEAVILY)
(SPEAKS SPANISH)
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
HOSTAGE: (IN ENGLISH) Fuck me.
(GUN CLATTERS)
(SIGHS. CLEARS THROAT)
You say you own this land.
HOSTAGE: We have the rights.
No.
We own this land.
HOSTAGE: You own the surface.
which you purchased
from Daniel Piersall.
and Daniel Piersall's father
sold the mineral rights in 1993
to the Permian Basin Trust.
who subcontracted the rights
to Meridian Oil.
which was bought by ConocoPhillips.
and sold to M-Tex Oil.
who only recently
discovered the rights.
We don't want your oil here.
HOSTAGE: Well. wish in one hand.
shit in the other.
see which one fills up first.
Maybe I slice you
from your huevos to your throat
and hang you from a bridge.
Huh?
See if oil companies come then.
Well. first. they'll hire
Halliburton to build files
on you fucking assholes
that the FBI only dreams about having.
Then they'll send 30 Tier 1 operators
from Triple Canopy. and they'll
bust you like a fucking piñata.
And if any of you dipshits
do make it back to Mexico.
they'll blow your fucking house up
with a drone.
With your family in it.
It costs six million
to put in a new well.
They're putting in 800
right fucking here.
That's 4.8 billion in pumpjacks.
They'll put in another billion
on water and housing and trucking.
At $78 a barrel.
that's 6.4 million a day.
For the next 50 fucking years.
So. yeah. the oil company's coming.
So. they send you to tell us fuck off?
They sent me to negotiate
a service lease.
And we'll build you
a nice all-weather road
that leads to our oil wells
and to the highway.
And a few others. if you need them.
He's gonna build us a road.
HOSTAGE: Hey. here's the deal.
and it's the only deal…
You don't fuck with our product.
we don't fuck with yours.
Because if you do.
we'll put in a DEA substation
right across the fucking street.
We got a deal?
We got a deal.
HOSTAGE: Surface lease agreement's
in there.
Signature pages are marked.
Now. we'll need an address
for the surface lease payment
and the damage reimbursements.
Damage?
HOSTAGE: Yeah.
We'll pay you
for the damage to the land
we built your roads on.
and the pads for our pumpjacks.
You pay me?
HOSTAGE: Yeah. we pay you.
Mm. strange business.
HOSTAGE: Same as yours.
No. I don't think so.
HOSTAGE: You sell a product
that your customers are dependent on.
Yes.
HOSTAGE: It's the same.
Ours is just bigger.
(CLIPPERS CLATTER)
JIMENEZ IN SPANISH: Vámonos.
(DOOR SLAMS SHUT)
- (SIGHS)
- (VEHICLE DOORS OPEN. CLOSE)
(ENGINES STARTING)
(GENTLE MUSIC PLAYING)
(VEHICLES DEPARTING)
TOMMY: Oil and Gas Industry makes
three billion dollars a day
in pure profit.
Generates over $4.3 trillion
a year in revenue.
It's the seventh largest industry
in the world.
ranked ahead of food production.
automobile production. coal mining.
and at 1.4 trillion.
the pharmaceutical industry
doesn't even crack the top ten.
The industries listed
ahead of oil and gas
are completely dependent on
oil and gas.
The more they grow. the more we grow.
That's the scale.
That's the size of this thing.
And it's only getting bigger.
This fucking job.
(BEER BOTTLE POPS OPEN)
But before any of that money is made.
you gotta get the lease.
You gotta secure the rights
and lock up the surface.
Then babysit the owners.
babysit the crews.
(BELCHES)
Then manage the police and the press
when the babies refuse to be sat.
That's my job.
Secure the lease.
then manage the people.
First part's pretty simple.
It's the second part
that can get you killed.
(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
(WIND WHISTLING)
(PLANE ENGINE WHIRRING)
(ENGINE BUZZING LOUDLY)
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
(DRAMATIC MUSIC CONTINUES PLAYING)
(TRUCK HORN BLARING)
What the…
(HORN BLARING)
(TIRES SCREECHING)
- (ENGINE IDLING)
- (TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
(FLAMES ROARING)
(CONTEMPLATIVE GUITAR MUSIC PLAYING)
(SNIFFS SHARPLY. YAWNS)
Come on. (SNIFFS)
(SIGHS)
(LOW. INDISTINCT CHATTER)
(VEHICLE DOORS CLOSING)
(LOW CHATTERING CONTINUES)
(MAN WHISTLES)
ARMANDO: You Baby Norris?
- Cooper.
- Nah.
I think Baby's better.
Get in.
(LA DIABLA PLAYING ON CAR RADIO)
(MEN SPEAKING SPANISH)
- (SPEAKING SPANISH)
- (LAUGHING)
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
(MEN CONTINUE SPEAKING SPANISH)
(NO VACANCY PLAYING)
(IN ENGLISH) Three black coffees?
Oh. you got another one in there.
You want something. sugar?
Uh… (CHUCKLES)
(CHUCKLES) I can have that effect.
Do you like black coffee.
or a little bit of milk in there?
I'll take. uh…
Yeah. actually some milk.
Can I have a latte?
- What the fuck?
- ELVIO: A what?
ARMANDO: You just order
a fucking latte? What?
- ABILENE: An aristocrat.
- What?
Don't normally make lattes
till the bankers wake up.
We don't have time to wait
for a fucking latte.
Why the fuck do you need a latte. bro?
- I just ordered—
- He's asking her to make
- the most complicated shit. man.
- ELVIO: We got to get to work.
- Sorry.
- "Sorry."
You want to ask for
a continental breakfast?
- I…
- ARMANDO: The fuck is your problem?
- (CAR HORNS HONKING)
- (ANGRY SHOUTING)
(CAR HORN BLARES)
- ELVIO: Oh. here we go.
- LUIS: Here it comes.
(CARS HONKING)
The white kid ordered a latte!
Great job. man. First day.
(ANGRY SHOUTING AND HONKING
CONTINUE)
That'll be 27. sweetie.
(HONKING CONTINUES)
ARMANDO: Unreal.
This is for you. darling.
(SINGING) Said she'll call me
Round half past eight
Been a damn long day
Don't wait up too late…
ARMANDO: Hey. if you're gonna
work the patch
you got to learn
how to drink it black.
'cause everything we do
is on the fucking go.
I just don't like the way it tastes.
Ain't about the taste. son.
it's about the fuel.
Six hours from now
when you need a jolt.
you can't drink that curdled milk.
Be throwing up all over my truck.
(CHUCKLES) And you don't want
to throw up in his truck.
In fact. give me that.
Yeah. give that shit…
LUIS: Your father said
to make you into a roughneck.
May as well start now.
(SIGHS)
(SINGING)
Well. the world is on its head
And I thank my lucky stars
That I ain't dead
I've spent my whole life in the red
And I've done my best
To keep my family fed
So when I lay my burdens down
Keep my debts out of your mind
Just for a while
All my troubles and my trials
They lay scattered on the trail
For miles and miles…
All right. Monday.
let's see what you got.
(SINGING)
I've been paying my whole life
Trying hard to find the blame
For all my strife
I've been burning through my checks
And I never felt their gold
Around my neck…
(SONG CONTINUES OVER SPEAKERS)
- How was the night?
- (LAUGHS)
HR. they stopped to ask
for gang affiliations.
So now I got this drilling crew
that's half Bloods. half Crips.
who decided to have a gunfight
in the fucking man camp last night.
You can't wear straw.
It ain't Easter yet.
It's gonna be 95 today.
I'd say that's Easter enough.
wouldn't you?
God damn it. Dale.
(MICROWAVE DOOR CLOSES. BEEPS)
How many times am I gonna
have to tell you
to pour the beans in a fucking bowl?
You burn up a microwave a week
putting them fucking cans in there.
- Tastes different in a bowl.
- No. they don't.
- They taste exactly the fucking same.
- Mm-mm. it tastes different.
Well. shit. I guess cowboy culture
is out the fucking window
with you two. huh?
You see a cowboy in this room.
you point him out.
- (MICROWAVE DOOR OPENS)
- (NATHAN GROANS)
When's your hitch done?
- Today.
- NATHAN: Thank God.
DALE: Mm.
- Be at the courthouse by 11:00.
- Yeah.
- (PHONE BUZZING)
- Not 11:30. 11:00.
Yes. sir.
Hello?
- What?
- (MICROWAVE BEEPING)
- NATHAN: What?
- TOMMY: How… How far?
Just send me a pin.
I'm on the way. All right.
On your way where?
You're gonna have
to depose me tomorrow.
It has to be today. Tommy.
These sons of bitches
are so far up my ass.
they're staring at the back
of my tonsils.
Well. it's gonna have to be tomorrow.
'cause I think I found our plane.
You guys lost a plane?
How the fuck you lose a plane?
(SNICKERS)
(TAKE ME HOME PLAYING)
NEWS ANCHOR: …prices are up
with the national average.
reaching $3.86.
News of maintenance work
at. both. Valero and Tesoro refineries
scheduled for May has sparked fears
of a summer gasoline shortage.
Yeah. ask 'em why they're
doing maintenance in May. Kate.
NEWS ANCHOR: OPEC meets next week
to discuss an increase in production.
(LAUGHS) No. they're not.
They're gonna cut production. honey.
They're gonna take oil to a hundred.
Who the hell is
your shitty source. anyway?
NEWS ANCHOR: Although some insiders
fear a cut in production…
Well. look at the brain on Kate.
You keep listening to your insiders.
You may figure this game out.
What in the fucking hell?
Call Nate.
(PHONE BUZZING)
Is it our plane?
TOMMY: Yeah. it looks like it.
- Where is it?
- In about a thousand pieces
out here on the road we built
by the Pyote field.
- Hey. let me call you back.
- Should I call Fort Worth?
Yeah. somebody should.
(TAKE ME HOME PLAYING OVER RADIO)
Quite a mess.
You ain't seen the mess yet.
Can I leave my truck here?
- It's your road.
- (TURNS OFF ENGINE)
(MUSIC STOPS)
FAA says you reported
this plane stolen.
TOMMY: Yeah. six weeks ago.
And you didn't feel like
you needed to report that to me?
Well. if you were
the fucking airplane police.
I would have. Walt.
but since you're not.
I called the airplane police.
- It's their job to call you. not mine.
- Well. they didn't.
Well. I don't know what to tell you.
That's the federal government for you.
What's all this?
WALT: One of 75 reasons
you should have called me
the second that plane went missing.
- Cocaine?
- Maybe.
Maybe heroin.
Where's the pilot?
Cooking in the cockpit.
I got DEA and FAA sending HAZMAT crews
down here to pull him out.
Stay upwind of that shit.
It'll kill you quicker than a bullet.
That's a TTP truck.
Yep.
What the fuck's it doing on our road?
He's probably gonna ask you
the same thing about that plane.
Did you report it stolen
to your insurance company?
You know how this shit works.
Trucks and excavators
and all kinds of shit
go missing every day.
And then a couple months later.
they find their way back.
If I reported everything
that was stolen around here.
the whole fucking Permian Basin
would be a crime scene.
God damn it.
I got 4.200 barrels of oil
I got to move out of here every day.
Not on this road. Not for a while.
I'm gonna need some love
on this deal. Walt.
What kind of love?
The kind that backdates
a police report.
For God sakes. Tommy.
The FAA was aware.
They dropped the ball.
Just use the date that I gave them.
and match it. that's all.
You know how many eyes
are gonna be on this thing?
The kind with a "G"
on their license plate.
I ain't backdating nothing.
Okay. in today's report.
just note that FAA
was notified last month.
Can you do that?
It's the fucking truth. Walt.
I'll put it in my report.
All right. In all caps. please.
TOMMY: Hey. I'm gonna need
a road crew out here.
I'm gonna drop you a pin.
Need a half a mile detour
around an incident site.
Hey. Walt. can we build a road
around on that side over there.
so we can elbow around this shit?
- Over there?
- Yeah.
Over there. where the dead body
and the drugs are? No.
Okay. well. how about
that side over there?
Is there any dead bodies
and dope over there?
WALT: Haven't looked over there yet.
TOMMY: Well. how about
we fucking go look then? Shit.
Well. I don't see
any dead drug dealers over here.
Not any dead guys here.
not any dope…
Fuck.
(INSECTS BUZZING)
Walt?
There's a dead son of a bitch
over here.
- Yo!
- OFFICER: Sir?
- Come tape it off.
- TOMMY: Hey. I'm back.
Listen. we're gonna need
enough caliche for about a mile
to get us around this fucking mess.
So I want you to start right now
and don't stop till you're done.
Run 'em all night.
All right.
I wouldn't want to have
your job this week.
Shit. you wouldn't want
to have my job any week. Walt.
(SOMBER MUSIC PLAYING)
Call Monty Miller.
(SINISTER RINGTONE PLAYING)
(SOFTLY) Great.
Well. it looks like it's gonna
be Monday all day today.
Actually. it won't be Monday
once today. Tommy. It's Friday.
It can't be Friday.
I just got here yesterday.
March 1st. you switched
to a Friday through Tuesday.
If you would look at me.
you would see the calendar.
If you looked at me.
we'd still be married.
Well. I'm going down the highway
at 80 miles an hour.
If I looked at you. I'd probably die.
That was a pretty big truck.
wasn't it?
Okay. it's Friday.
You have Ainsley.
- Ainsley?
- Yeah. it's your weekend.
You just told me my weekend
is Wednesday and Thursday.
Yours is. but the rest of the world
takes Saturday and Sunday off.
That world includes
me and your daughter.
Victor and I are going to Cabo
and I can't leave Ainsley
alone in this house.
Honey. she's 17 fucking years old.
Have you seen her new boyfriend?
God damn it. Hold on.
I'm pulling over.
Look at this kid.
I mean. she could get pregnant
from the fucking photograph.
Okay. I see your point.
Do you trust her driving to you?
To Odessa?
- Yeah.
- Are you shittin' me?
(SEMITRUCK HORN BLARES)
Have her go to Meacham.
I'll put her on the flight
with the engineers.
Okay.
You changed your hair color.
Yeah. the redhead experiment is over.
Well. I always preferred your
natural color. to tell you the truth.
Baby. you've never seen
my natural color.
So what time are you
and Vernon going to…
- Victor.
Uh. what time
are y'all leaving for Cabo?
Not till tonight.
Well. how come you'd be
dressed that way
at eight o'clock in the morning. then?
You think this is dressed up?
Uh. yeah. I do. And so do you.
Do you like it?
Yes. I do like it.
You see. one of life's great pleasures
is showing you what you're missing.
You don't have to show me
to know. honey.
I already know.
How's our baby?
Uh. it's his first day.
First days ain't easy.
Another Norris in the oil patch.
What a waste.
Wasn't my idea.
Apple don't fall far. does it?
Well. you're half of the tree.
in case you forgot. darlin'.
Anyway. just get her
at the airport there
by 3:00. all right?
Or fuckin' hang up on me. either way.
(SOLEMN GUITAR MUSIC PLAYING)
MAN: The way I got started in this.
I was working in West Texas
as a petroleum engineer
and I decided that it was time
to have a little adventure in life.
And I answered
this one particular advertisement
to go to work for a company in Libya
as a field petroleum engineer.
My Arabic friends used to laugh at me
because I would speak Arabic
with a Texas accent.
And it was hard for them
to understand my Arabic.
even though I was
speaking the true words.
Things were going along
pretty well until 1967.
There was the Arab/Israeli War.
And we could certainly see
that the Arab view
of us expatriates
was beginning to dim.
CHUBBY: I will tell you what.
I am about done
with looking north of I-20.
I sunk three wells last week.
I didn't even hit water.
It's because there ain't
any water north of I-20.
More than there is south of it.
- MONTY: What county?
- Stonewall.
Shit. they been sucking that oil
for a hundred years.
Frack the ones that are going dry
and get the hell out.
Besides. what are you
gonna do with three wells?
- (PHONE BUZZING)
- That's where my minerals are.
(CHUCKLES)
Should've bought the basin
after COVID hit.
No. I don't play that big.
We were buying 100 sections
for five cents on the dollar.
That ain't big. that's smart.
There ain't no new oil to be
found in that rocky red dirt.
- (PHONE BUZZING)
- Shit. This ain't gonna be good.
Give me a second. boys.
CHUBBY: Yeah. go ahead. Monty.
Hey. let me get somewhere quiet.
(SOFT DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
All right. how bad?
TOMMY: That's a tricky one to answer.
Is it something you and Nate
can handle?
Well. they're gonna hit you
from three directions.
The insurance company.
victims' families and TTP.
All right. well. I'll handle TTP.
Who's the best litigation firm
in Midland?
Well. they won't file here.
they'll file in Houston.
First one
to hire Shepherd-Hastings wins.
Who do you like over there?
Clay Chandler is an assassin.
You want me to call him?
No. I'll call him. You just keep
this shit out of the news.
TOMMY: (LAUGHS)
This is the patch. Monty.
An airplane full of drugs
being run over by an oil tanker
ain't news.
that's just another Monday.
Yeah. well. it ain't Monday. Tommy.
It's Monday to me.
(COOPER MOANS NERVOUSLY)
(GRUNTING)
(PANTING)
What's he supposed to be checking?
Tucker valve.
What the fuck is a Tucker valve?
First day on the job.
Motherfucker. I can't have
Tommy Norris' son
dying on my pad.
Get him down from there.
All right. I'll do it right now.
You got to go right up at the top!
Like that? (CHUCKLING)
I don't see it!
You got to go higher!
(GRUNTING)
ARMANDO: Higher!
COOPER: I don't see any valve.
I remember when you
did this shit to me.
I almost shit my pants.
You did shit your pants.
Higher!
(QUIETLY) Oh. fuck.
(FRUSTRATED GROAN)
- I don't see the valve!
- No? You don't see the gauge?
No! No gauge!
Oh. you know what?
Never mind. it's down here.
Oh. what the fuck.
(CHUCKLING)
COOPER: So I can come down?
ARMANDO: What. are you gonna
stay up there all day?
Gets your ass down here!
Oh. shit.
Whoa!
- Oh. shit.
- Nah.
(EXCLAIMING IN HORROR)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
This kid is gonna fuckin' die.
Hey. kid!
Take your time.
Go. go. go. go. go.
Shit.
(EXHALES)
(GROANS) Oh. fuck. Oh. fuck.
- He's stuck.
- He's gonna be fine.
(SHIVERING. MOANING)
- ELVIO: Hey.
- (COOPER MOANS)
Why you so scared. man?
You got a harness on.
- You're wired. all right?
- Yeah.
- You good?
- Uh-huh.
Look at me.
Get your feet set first.
- Come on.
- (COOPER EXHALES SLOWLY)
Then one hand. then the other.
COOPER: Okay. Okay.
ELVIO: Three points of contact.
- Three points of contact.
- Yeah. yeah. at all times.
- Okay. okay.
- Okay?
Let's head down.
- COOPER: Okay.
- Ain't got all day.
(PANTING)
Shit.
(SLOW. INTENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
ELVIO: You're good. man. Almost there.
(GROANS. PANTING)
ELVIO: You good or what?
What happened?
(EXCLAIMING IN PAIN)
Holy shit. bro. All right. let's go.
- You dumbass. Come on.
- (GROANS)
Let me see that hand.
Okay. rinse it.
There's a first-aid kit
in the field office. Wrap it.
So the gauge was down here
the whole time?
Wait a minute. were you guys
fuckin' with me?
ELVIO: Yes. First day. man.
Gonna happen.
- Yeah. (LAUGHING)
- ELVIO: Hey. come on.
- Go rinse that shit off.
- ARMANDO: Go on!
Welcome to the patch.
LUIS: You did good. son.
You did good. (CHUCKLES)
(EVERLASTING LOVER PLAYING)
(SINGING)
Everlasting lover
I got a lot I want to say to you
Well. you make me feel less lonesome
Than I ever used to
Everlasting lover
Honey. it ain't that I want to
Oh. but sometimes the pain takes over
And I'll just slip through
When I get stoned and I feel rejected
Weary from the road
And half beaten down…
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
Your day about to start or just end?
I'm in the middle of mine.
All right. which you want?
Breakfast. supper?
How come you ain't got a lunch menu?
Because there ain't no such thing
as lunch in the patch.
Truer words. Ellie.
- Dinner.
- All right.
Now. can you drink beer in the middle?
I don't see why not.
It's Friday for somebody.
- All right. I'll bring you a pitcher.
- Thanks.
PATRICK: Want to order a pitcher?
TOMMY: Ah. already did.
If Ultra's okay with you.
Oh. a Michelob man. huh?
Yeah. well. two million
team ropers can't be wrong.
(PATRICK SIGHS)
We got to get paid
on this fire deal. Tommy.
You burned up 8.000 acres.
We're sitting on a $300.000 loss.
I didn't burn up anything.
The fire burned it.
Started by a faulty switch
in your pump jack.
And spread by 50-mile-an-hour winds.
It's got "act of God"
written all over it.
If it hadn't been for that wind.
that thing don't spread
past 50 meters.
Listen. M-Tex has been a good partner.
That's why we didn't join
that class action.
But we suffered real damages
and we need to be reimbursed.
Boys. boys. boys.
We eatin' or just arguin'?
- Just arguing now. honey.
- ELLIE: All right.
Listen. if we pay for surface damages.
we're admitting fault.
- You are at fault.
- Well. so are you.
It started on your client's land.
And they got a fire crew over there.
They didn't stop it.
they didn't even try.
We'll sign an NDA.
'Cause that's worth
the paper it's printed on?
Listen. we will not let you
drill another well
until this is handled.
Okay. how about this?
I pay you $300.000.
but it's for a solar lease.
(CHUCKLES)
Our client doesn't want solar
on the ranch.
We don't sell solar panels.
we're a fucking oil company.
But I can justify payment
on solar rights or wind.
What time period you talking about?
I don't give a shit.
Make it six months.
I just don't want
to have to pay you damages.
I think I can make that fly.
I don't see why you couldn't.
That's easier than selling pussy
at a men's prison.
I find that offensive. sir.
To who. the pussy or the prisoners?
- (CLEARS THROAT)
- I find it difficult
to do business
with people who offend me.
Well. you see.
we're not in business together.
We lease your mineral rights.
and in exchange for that.
we pay you two-and-a-half
million dollars a year.
And maintain your roads
and dig your stock tanks.
So. don't delude yourself
into thinking you're a rancher.
You're an oilman who spends
the money we give you on cattle.
If it hadn't been for us.
your family would have lost
that ranch in the '50s.
So. you just say "Thank you."
take the $300.000 for the grass.
and then I keep sending you
$200.000 checks every month.
But don't you dare pretend
that I offend you.
You smile and say. "I'll take it."
Very good offer.
I recommend you take it.
I'll take it. but I ain't smiling.
(SCOFFS) I guess not.
It takes a check
to make you do that. don't it?
DESMOND: I can't wait for the day
when you and everyone like you
leaves this place.
You might want to think that through.
'Cause if I'm gone.
that means the oil's gone.
and if the oil's gone.
that means the money's gone.
and that means you're gone.
We'll write it up.
get it to you next week.
(SIGHS) Now are we eating?
I guess I'm eating alone now.
Oh. baby. What can I get you?
(SLOW. HOPEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
Daddy!
- (LAUGHS) Baby.
- (LAUGHS) Hi!
(LAUGHS) You're getting prettier
every day. little angel.
You didn't drink them out of those
little Tito's bottles. did you?
Daddy. of course not.
Your engineers did that.
Well. they have the practice.
I want you to meet my boyfriend.
Your mother didn't say anything
about the boyfriend coming.
'Cause you know Mommy.
The less she knows the better.
She's such a helicopter parent.
- I don't know what that means.
- Just hovering
and hovering and hovering. always.
Daddy. meet Dakota.
DAKOTA: Mr. Norris.
- It's a pleasure. sir.
- Yeah. good to meet you.
Dakota? What's your last name?
Loving. sir.
"Dakota Loving."
You can't make that shit up. Let's go.
(BOOMTOWN PLAYING)
So windy.
(SINGING) Well. my trailer looks
Like a liquor store
Or maybe one that just got robbed
And. well. I've got every bottle
You can think of. honey…
So. what would you kids
like to do tonight?
Well. do you have a car
we could borrow?
No. I don't.
- What about this one?
- This one's mine.
(QUIETLY) Okay.
(SINGING)
I can't remember what I said…
We could watch the spring game.
Yeah. Dakota's a football fanatic.
Well. not a… Not a fanatic. honey.
A phenom.
AINSLEY: (LAUGHS)
Oh. sorry. baby. Phenom.
He's a phenom.
You know. he made ESPN's top 50.
- Is that so?
- Mm-hmm.
Did you pick a school yet?
Uh. Alabama.
Little far from Tech. isn't it?
Well. I applied to Alabama
as soon as Dakota
accepted their offer.
It's just a tough school to get into.
Uh. but I. you know.
I talked to Coach Saban.
told him how much I wanted her there.
I play better when she's watching me.
You know Coach Saban retired. right?
What?
- Uh… no.
- Did he retire?
No. That's rumors.
You know. maybe we should
go to this game.
- Did you talk to him?
- Yeah. yeah. He… (MUMBLES)
Yeah. let's go to the game.
(SINGING) The next day
'Cause there ain't no rest…
(MARCHING BAND PLAYING)
(CROWD CHEERING)
CHEERLEADERS: Go! Go! Go! Go!
QUARTERBACK: Hike!
- (WHISTLE BLOWING)
- (REFEREE SPEAKS INDISTINCTLY)
(INDISTINCT ANNOUNCEMENT
OVER SPEAKERS)
(MARCHING BAND CONTINUES PLAYING)
(WHISTLE BLOWING)
(CROWD CHEERING)
That son of a bitch is a celebrity.
(WHISTLE BLOWS)
AINSLEY: If I don't get into Alabama.
I'm gonna die. Daddy.
I swear to God. I'm gonna die.
- You're not gonna die.
- I'll die.
Are you two having sex?
Daddy.
- Well. I had to ask.
- Of course.
And that's what I get for asking.
Are you being careful?
Yeah. we have a rule
and we stick to it.
I'm gonna regret asking you this.
but what is this rule?
As long as he never comes in me.
he can come anywhere on me.
I'm gonna go get a Dr Pepper.
You want anything?
No.
Thanks for being so cool. Daddy.
I could never tell Mama
these kind of things.
(MARCHING BAND PLAYING)
(INDISTINCT ANNOUNCEMENT
OVER SPEAKERS)
- TOMMY: Can I get a Dr Pepper?
- Yes.
You got any bourbon back there?
- Sir?
- Never mind.
- Rough day?
- You could say that.
I got some pot gummies
if you want. No charge.
Well. that's real sweet of you. honey.
but I think I'm gonna pass on that.
How much do I owe you?
That'll be four. please.
TOMMY: Four?
There you go.
And keep that for yourself.
- Appreciate it.
- (PHONE BUZZING)
Hello.
He survived.
How'd he do?
Green. real green.
But don't say no. and he tries.
I mean. that's something.
Waste of a college degree.
if you ask me.
Well. nobody's asking you.
Nobody's asking me. either.
Like father like son.
if you know what I mean.
No one knows better.
I got a truckload
of "father like son."
That's why I put him with you.
to keep him out of trouble.
- I'll do my best.
- All right.
I'll talk to you later.
(CROWD CHEERING)
(INDISTINCT ANNOUNCEMENT
OVER SPEAKERS)
Are you shitting me?
This pretty son of a bitch
with his giant hand
on my daughter's ass?
- What did you just say?
- What?
Are you talking about my ass?
No. I'm talking about that guy
grabbing my daughter's ass
in front of the whole world.
Oh. my gosh. that's Dakota Loving.
You've got to be shitting me.
(SLOW. SOMBER MUSIC PLAYING)
ELVIO: Cooper.
Cooper.
Here's your pod.
(GRUNTS SOFTLY. SNIFFS)
Hey. uh. what you got
going on for supper?
I don't know.
You got food in there?
I'll probably just drive back to town.
Close the door.
(ROCK MUSIC PLAYING ON STEREO)
(TV PLAYS INDISTINCTLY)
(ARMANDO SPEAKING SPANISH)
(ELVIO SPEAKING SPANISH)
(BOTH SPEAKING SPANISH)
(IN ENGLISH) Thank you.
Say "gracias."
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
Gracias.
ARMANDO: (IN ENGLISH) You gotta learn
how to speak Spanish
'cause I'm not speaking English
all fucking day.
- Okay.
- ARMANDO: All right?
This is "cerveza."
Yes. Cerveza. I know cerveza.
All right. all right. Parrilla.
- Parrilla.
- Yeah. and that's carne.
- Carne.
- Yeah.
And when you're drinking a beer.
you say. "Estoy tomando una cerveza."
"Estoy tomando una cerveza"?
ARMANDO: And when you're eating
a taco. you say.
"Estoy comiendo un taco
lleno de verga."
- "Estoy—"
- LUIS: No. no. no.
- Don't say that.
- No… (LAUGHING)
ARMANDO: Okay. okay. okay. okay.
You just say.
"Estoy comiendo un taco."
- Estoy comiendo un taco.
- ARMANDO: Okay. you got it.
And. you know. if I ask you
something in English.
just ask me how to say it in Spanish.
and you'll be bilingual in a month.
- Okay.
- All right.
(UPBEAT RINGTONE PLAYING)
LUIS: Get that.
ARMANDO: Well. I mean.
she just wants to talk to you.
LUIS: She's your daughter.
Hola. chiquita.
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
(ARMANDO CONTINUES
SPEAKING SPANISH)
Okay.
- (INHALES SHARPLY)
- (SPEAKING SPANISH)
LUIS: (IN ENGLISH) Hello.
ARMANDO: That was my daughter.
My wife told her no about something.
and she knows that I have
no pull with the boss. so…
(SIZZLING)
So. Elvio. he's your son?
Hermanito.
Uh. it… Uh. he's my little brother.
Okay. So. your whole family
works the patch?
Everybody's whole family
works the patch.
(LUIS LAUGHING)
Hey.
My uncle was in prison for ten years.
- Really?
- (LAUGHS)
Dude. the only way
for a felon to make six figures
is to steal it or work the patch.
I tried to steal it.
and I ended up right where he was.
(LAUGHS)
You know what. though?
It's better you work for it real hard.
You know? That way.
nobody can take it away.
I can see that.
Like. Elvio. he's smart.
you know? Real smart.
He skipped prison
and went straight to the patch.
Owns his home.
Got his truck paid off.
Wife don't work.
I mean. how many 24-year-olds
can say that?
Not very many.
Oh. yeah. the meat's ready.
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
LUIS: (IN ENGLISH)
Okay. I got to go. baby.
That means. "Let's go eat."
Okay. okay.
Hey. bring my beer.
(MAN SPEAKING SPANISH OVER RADIO)
(IN ENGLISH) Dig in. man.
How do you say that in Spanish?
(SPEAKS SPANISH)
(IN ENGLISH) Not really. but. uh.
that'll work.
Oh. man. that's good.
- Good. right?
- COOPER: Mm-hmm.
(COUGHS. INHALES SHARPLY)
(CLEARS THROAT. COUGHS)
(CLEARS THROAT)
Holy shit. that's hot. (COUGHS)
(LAUGHING)
LUIS: You got a way to go. son.
ELVIO: That's not even
the hot one. bro.
(COUGHS) How is that not the hot one?
ELVIO: It's not that bad. bro.
What'd you give him?
Dos tacos de verga.
- (ALL LAUGHING)
- LUIS: You okay. son?
(ARMANDO CONTINUES LAUGHING)
- Yeah.
- ELVIO: Don't fucking die here.
- (ALL LAUGHING)
- (COOPER GROANS)
Holy shit.
And drink some beer. bro. You good?
(TRANQUIL MUSIC PLAYING)
(AINSLEY LAUGHING)
- (DAKOTA WHISPERING)
- (LAUGHING)
(TV PLAYING INDISTINCTLY)
(AINSLEY LAUGHING)
(KISSING CONTINUES)
All right. I'm turning in.
- Good night. Daddy.
- No. no. You're coming with me.
- What?
- TOMMY: That's right.
We're gonna have
an old-fashioned sleep-in.
like we used to when you were nine.
I'm not sleeping in the same bed
as my father.
You sleep in the bed.
I'll sleep on the floor.
The part of the floor that's
directly in front of the door.
Uh. where's my room. Mr. Norris?
Oh. we put you in the junior suite.
which is this fucking couch here.
Sweet dreams. Come on. baby.
(TV PLAYING INDISTINCTLY)
AINSLEY: You're not
preventing anything. Daddy.
Just postponing it.
You're just forcing the tension
to rise even further.
You know. there is no telling
what I'll let him do to me
when he finally has me alone.
You know. every now and then.
you say things
that harken back the other side
of your gene pool.
- Are you insulting Mama?
- Yeah. I am.
You don't think
we're gonna last. do you?
Did that sweatshirt come with pants?
Like. as a set?
I think that's just for nursing homes.
I love him.
Honey. every romantic relationship
you'll ever have will be a failure.
except the last one.
Do you think this is
the last relationship
you're ever gonna have?
I want it to be.
Well. hell. we want all of them to be.
Do you think it will be?
He can have anyone.
- Well. shit. you can. too.
- Daddy. (SIGHS)
By your logic. I should just
break up with him now
and spare myself the suffering.
and just wait for the last one.
It don't work that way.
You got to love your way
through the failures.
You never know if you're
in the last one till you're in it.
Did you think Mama was the last one?
(LAUGHING) Shit. no.
Hell. honey. I was shocked
your mom and I lasted six weeks.
Well. why did it last so long?
Same as you.
I mean. as wrong as we were
for each other.
I loved her.
Couldn't keep
my damn hands off of her.
Shit. I still love her.
If she lost the power of speech.
I'd marry her again tomorrow.
I've never slept with him.
We've had sex just about
everywhere you can do it.
- Honey…
- I've never slept with him.
Like. I've…
Like. I've never fallen asleep
in his arms. or…
like. woken up in them.
Daddy. if I promise not to have sex.
can I just sleep with him
on the couch?
Please?
Just sleep?
- You promise?
- Mm-hmm.
I do. Mm-hmm.
That couch is a rental.
(LAUGHS) Okay. Got it.
(TOMMY CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
Lord. where'd my nuts go?
How'd you pull this off?
- I made a promise.
- Mm. yeah? What's the promise.
Well. I can sleep with you.
but we can't have sex.
Can you make that promise?
Uh…
I'd rather not.
(LAUGHS) Well. I know. baby.
but can you make it?
Mm…
Can we… Can we dry hump?
You can hold me.
Okay. well. let's talk about this.
I mean. you promised no sex.
Well. that… That leaves out a lot.
(MELANCHOLY MUSIC PLAYING)
(KNOCK ON DOOR)
- Yeah?
- (DOOR OPENS)
(CRYING)
(SOMBER MUSIC PLAYING)
What happened?
(SNIFFLING)
Guess he's not the last one.
He don't know what he's missing.
Come on. baby.
(SNIFFLING)
Come on. baby. lay down.
(CRYING)
Come here. honey. Come here.
(SNIFFLES)
How come you're always right?
'Cause I spent all my life
being wrong.
I never forgot the lessons.
Thank you.
Honey.
Fuck Alabama.
(SNIFFLES)
Yeah. Fuck 'em.
(MELANCHOLY MUSIC PLAYING)
(ELVIO SIGHS)
(CLANGING)
(LUIS GRUNTS)
(GRUNTS)
Hey. the 18's too small. Go to 24.
Cooper. go get
the 24-inch pipe wrench.
Which one is that?
(CLANGING STOPS)
The one that says "24."
Go!
(CLANGING RESUMES)
ELVIO: The one the size
of your arm. You'll see it.
(SIGHS. GRUNTING)
(HISSING)
- Oh. no.
- You got it?
- COOPER: I'm looking.
- ARMANDO: Hurry up!
- ELVIO: He's bringing the 24.
- I got this.
- ARMANDO: What is he doing?
- LUIS: Okay. here we go.
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
(GRUNTS)
- I got it.
- ARMANDO: He's bringing the 24.
(GRUNTING)
Okay. that's what it should've been.
Oh. yeah. Come on. buddy.
(GRUNTS) Whoa!
(FLAMES ROARING)
(SOMBER MUSIC PLAYING)
(SOMBER MUSIC CONTINUES PLAYING)
(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
English — SDH